Hellooooo Everyone....

As most of you would know tommorow will be my Last working day @ TCS .

It has been a great and exciting journey for me, with twists, turns, roadblocks, fun and entertainment over the last 2 years, which started with my ILP mates @ ILP Trivandrum and ends here @ Global Axis Bangalore with my new found friends from all over the country which includes all of you. So a BIG THANK YOU to all of you for each and every moment we have shared together, as each has been special in its own way!!.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my leads , senior management and all my friends and colleagues for constant guidance through out my stay here and providing both professional and personal support during tough times. THANK YOU ALL, It means a lot.

With many of you, I have shared a special bond and trust which I hope will continue in the years to come even though I shall not be here with the company.

Even though I am leaving TCS, I will take with me all the wonderful memories of this place, be it the team lunches (yes, we did a lot of team lunches. Thanks to those who made it happen :), Late night's movies, All the fun we had in Maitree carrom League and many more such memorable events. Thanks one and all for creating some wonderful memories of this place.

Special thanks to Aniket, Vinay, Kaushal, Abhisek, Praveen, Sachin, Kartik, Sailaja for all those carrom matches that we played together.

Leaving TCS has been a tough decision, But there comes a time in everyone's life when a change is for the better, and this is the one of those times, and I would like to put it as "Leaving the shore in quest of more." 

“I’m sure our paths will cross again”  and we will continue to share better experiences. 

I wish each of you for continued success and all the very best in your future endeavors. Looking forward to keeping in touch!

If in future, I could be of any help to any of you, I would consider it as my privilege ( I can be reached at 8147530172 / chandan316@outlook.com ).



Regards,
Chandan
